c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\FFXIV_Timer.exe.config
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\FFXIV_Timer.exe
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\FFXIV_Timer.pdb
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\DataGridThemes.pdb
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\FFXIV_Timer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\FFXIV_Timer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\FFXIV_Timer.g.resources
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\FFXIV_Timer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\FFXIV_Timer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\FFXIV_Timer.exe
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\FFXIV_Timer.pdb
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\FFXIV_Timer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\grans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FFXIV_Timer\FFXIV_Timer\obj\Debug\App.baml
